# playbook

Collection of playbooks for the Venturemark platform.



### What Is A Playbook?

A playbook aims to provide you with inspiration and instruction for how to use
the Venturemark platform. The Venturemark platform provides you with an abstract
and powerful way to combine contextual information and factual data. Due to the
abstract nature of the Venturemark platform, you can use it in many different
ways. There are many powerful use cases for high performing individuals to use
the Venturemark platform. A playbook is merely a piece of documentation
providing you with instructions for habit forming processes. These processes aim
to achieve a track record of better results throughout your venture's journey.



### How To Use A Playbook?

A playbook should be used in a way that is most suitable for you and your
venture. In short, you decide how to use a playbook. In some cases you are
better off following a playbook strictly. In some cases you are better off
following a playbook rather loosely. You decide how suitable a playbook is for
you and your venture. If you feel a playbook does not serve you well then stop
using it. Try to find the right playbooks that help you to be better tomorrow
and let your track record speak for itself.



### How To Find The Right Playbook For Me?

All of our playbooks are documented in this repository. For now you can apply
the shotgun method and try out a hand full of playbooks that you find
interesting. You can then refine and adjust the usage of the playbooks that
serve you and your venture in the best possible way.



### How To Create My Own Playbook?

High performing individuals like you will come up with new playbooks over time
so that our community can benefit from it. Give and take. By using playbooks
over time you may find a setting that works best for you. At some point you may
realize that combining ideas of certain playbooks lead to better results for
your venture's track record. Over time you may come up with an idea for a
playbook that nobody thought off so far. In that case the community would be
super thrilled to know more about it. You can always contribute back so that we
can document new playbook ideas here in this repository. That way we are all
better off.
